malagate a pole thiruvananthapuram Stan
at argento Commissioner Martha Michalek
or a new towel pocket random error e / a
harem again web-based application people
can give complaints and that has a time
limit so basically if the do is not able
to dispose the complaints within a
specified time limit it gets escalated
to the I mean from our oh it will get
escalated to the deal and from the deal
it will get escalated to the CEO in case
it is not disposed within a time limit
and the third one is Yvonne as we all
know in order to get relation so method
every portal party will require
permissions as well as the government
officials will also be using vehicles
this eve arm is basically meant for the
government departments election
machinery as well as for the police
department and we are trying to find out
whether we can also use GPS tracking
method for these vehicles so these are
the puter moon I initiatives and the
photograph of the candidates will also
be printed in the ballot papers this is
also a new initiative that the
photograph of the candidates will be
printed in both the ballot papers as
well as in the EVMs and even in the
postal ballot papers we are going to
have the photographs in for the polling
day photo victory polling de la we try
to handle the pool on the basis of SMS
based for mounting system right from the
polling station level sorry right from
the dispatch to the receiver it it is
SMS based operation butshe we are going
to also introduce android based
application this year so Android this
application article number centricity or
now secondary wherever you know we have
internet facility what are the far side
anomaly detector to hear it just has to
get clicked and then it gets uploaded it
is being customized by my colleague mr.
Safford una if we have said we still
have time current atlatl I as you know
polling is going to take place on in the
sixteenth of me so by the time probably
all this application will be in place
and nobody on over te volim and e ora
harem this will be online within a week
apart from ITV series we are also going
to have central paramilitary forces
across the state especially in areas
which are isolated or basically in areas
which we feel have sensitivity
hypersensitivity or areas which are
critical in nature in case it is more
degree of vigilance is required what we
are going to do is basically critical
polling stations rate we are going to
introduce webcasting it will be a
lightweight fasting Wendy Veronica lane
and with a CCTV camera use shampoo born
and if it is very critical we are going
to post micro of the rivers in each of
these polling stations
voter turnout on the day of the pole we
will try to monitor it and update it see
you on your web portal London we are
trying to you know introduce this voter
turnout you can check the figures every
two hours we are going to update it Elda
polling station will do voter
facilitation centres one down which will
be manned by the booth level officers
Elda voters you know they are supposed
to issue the voters slips as well as
little be special care will be taken
that in case there are voters who are
disabled Allen killer there are women
who are with children or senior citizens
over come out of turn out of q both he
and Wendy firm in case there are people
who are suffering from different kind of
disabilities or n handicaps
polling station will also have a display
regarding the ballot paper for the
sample ballot paper will also be on
display so that are you in any combo the
voter can easily find out whom he wants
to vote and will the exact place where
the candidate is figuring
for the help lines no mckellar caria
basically we have a SMS repetition java
tourism starter madruga pyramid
tractable venir aquí no ordinary Puma
Banda patara body criminalistic we are
now an interpreter who booked Catherine
Earp officer EK mullum you can try to
look you develop